dude what are you doing our car over
there man
disable all the computer aids well what
are you doing that for tires
we're gonna have to be easy on his tires
cuz he's got a drive home
this is how we do it man
lead the performance falling in junior
500 stayin magazine in the house at Palm
Beach International Raceway baby
they taught me and they twisted my arm
basically what though usually how we do
in Formula D is
if any you didn't know that's a fun get
jr. and we're at Palm Beach
International Raceway here my girl Susan
monster energy lethal performance 5o
Mustang magazine and we are reppin hard
guys with the 2012 boss that's how it's
done
way too retro
thank you so much man you got it it's
actually my first time ever once again
for just blowing my mind
good job hell yeah hey say hello to all
of our fans out there leave the
performance guys it's our pleasure bro
thank you again
you